so here's a question what was the
Megalodon shark well in this video we're
going to find out and what we're
actually going to learn here is that
it's a lot simpler than it seems
and so the MacLennan shark is a topic I
have been very interested in explaining
since I consider it to be one of the
most fascinating creatures to have ever
existed having said that what we don't
have an actual date to point to for the
discovery of the Megalodon shark what we
do have are historical accounts
stretching for hundred years between
1300 and 1700 from French English
Spanish and Italian fishermen and
sailors reporting to have seen sharks
larger than any ever seen before with
some matching the length of their own
ships however most of these claims were
taken to be nonsensical and furthermore
those who discovered fossilized teeth
belonging to the Megalodon shark didn't
know what to achieve eat these teeth too
because they didn't match the same size
of any known sharks as a result most
consider the teeth to be fossilized
tongues belonging to dragons or similar
creatures with these discoveries and
claims being viewed as the rabies of Mad
Men and with the origins of these
fossils unknown in 1667 Nicholas steno
the Danish naturalist scientist and
historian described these teeth in his
book at Disick edit hi head or the head
of the shark dissected after examination
Nicholas steno attributed these teeth to
a shark that was most likely prehistoric
and even created a now famous sketch on
how the shark most likely looked the
following Nicholas Dino's work and the
progression of science worldwide various
paleontologists and historians have been
able to gather fossilized Megalodon
teeth from around the world and after
examination developed a series of
conclusions providing an estimated
description of what the Megalodon shark
most likely appeared as the first is
that with the largest Megalodon shark
tooth on record measuring at 6.6 inches
tall the Megalodon shark most likely
ranged between 49 feet to 55 feet with a
mouth measuring seven feet wide and they
most likely lived in various bodies of
water around the world in addition due
to the structure of sharks being largely
composed of cartilage and because
cartilage breaks down before it can
fossilize a true physical appearance of
the Megalodon is up for scrutiny
although most of the scientific
community consider it to have been
similar in appearance to the great white
shark and finally due to the estimated
length of the Megalodon the size of its
teeth and the estimated body mass of
around 59 tons
the power of the Megalodon shark was
estimated to have been around 41
thousand pounds to put this into
perspective a bite force of this
magnitude will be equivalent to being
hit by a Ford Excursion traveling at 60
miles per hour
with that being said we're gonna go
ahead and bring this video to an end and
I will cut you guys letter piece